README.md, before:

# dev-career-tips

## Setup your development environment

- [ ] [
  Write your code in a comfortable environment like Visual Studio Code (10 min)
](
  https://code.visualstudio.com/download
)

- [ ] [
  Write javascript server side code with Node.js (20 min)
](
  https://nodejs.org/en/
)

- [ ] [
  Backup your git repositories online on Github (10 min)
](
  https://github.com/
)

- [ ] [
  Manage your github local repositories with Github Desktop (10 min)
](
  https://desktop.github.com/
)

## Measure your desired effort

- [ ] [
  Define Desirable Outcomes with Milestones 
](
  https://blog.julienreszka.com/2020/01/putting-man-on-moon-shouldnt-have-been.html
)

- [ ] [
  Stay Focused by measuring how much time you spend working on a project with Wakatime
](
  https://wakatime.com/
)

- [ ] [
  Stay Fit by measuring how much time you spend running, or cycling
](
  https://www.strava.com/
)

## Prevent undesired effort

- [ ] Prevent [fatigue](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fatigue), always get proper lighting in your working environment
- [ ] Prevent [eye strain](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eye_strain), always use a light theme in your text editor and everywhere else. Dark themes are a sham.
- [ ] Prevent your [working memory](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Working_memory) from going to waste switching windows by having one or two large monitors
- [ ] Prevent auditive noise distraction while typing by having a silent keyboard
- [ ] Prevent [Repetitive stain injury](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Repetitive_strain_injury) by owning a vertical mouse
- [ ] Prevent wasted keystrokes by learning all the shortcuts of your text editor
- [ ] Prevent [multitasking](https://ekmillerlab.mit.edu/2016/12/08/earl-miller-in-the-daily-mail-uk-why-multitasking-is-bad-for-your-brain/) by clearing your environment from interactive distractions 
- [ ] Prevent people from interrupting your work [flow](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flow_(psychology)) by walling and door locking your environment
- [ ] Prevent auditive noise from distracting you by using Noise cancelling headphones

## Write living documentations

- [ ] [
  Write README documents with Markdown (60 min)
](
  https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/wiki/Markdown-Cheatsheet
)

- [ ] [
  Write feature specifications with Bahavior Driven Development (BDD) (60 min)
](
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Behavior-driven_development
)

- [ ] [
  Write features with Test Driven Development (TDD) (60 min)
](
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Test-driven_development
)

- [ ] [
  Get used to open source version control by Learning to use Github
](
  https://help.github.com/en
)

## Get a developer reputation

- [ ] [
  Create a profile on stackoverflow (10 min)
](
  https://stackoverflow.com/
)

- [ ] [
  Prevent someone from pretending they're you by buying and owning a domain name with `firstnamelastname.com` where you put links to profiles of yourself that you recognize on the web
](
  https://domains.google.com
)


## Start projects

- [ ] [
  Prototype your forms with Typeform
](
  https://www.typeform.com/
)

- [ ] [
  Prototype your databases with airtable
](
  https://airtable.com/
)

- [ ] [
  Find icon ideas with the noun project
](
  https://thenounproject.com/
)

- [ ] [
  Connect apps and automate workflows with Zapier
](
  https://zapier.com/home
)

- [ ] [
  Connect Typeform and Airtable (20 min)
](
  https://youtu.be/hnRlHot-XCU
)

- [ ] [
  Publish a first website with Github pages (20 min)
](
  https://pages.github.com/
)




## Get Peer reviews

- [ ] [
  Learn what is important in a website by auditing websites with lighthouse
](
  https://developers.google.com/web/tools/lighthouse
)

- [ ] [
  Review your own code through Rubber duck debugging before asking for precious developer attention
](
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rubber_duck_debugging
)

- [ ] [
  Show your work to other programmers by sharing your computer screen live with Zoom (10 min)
](
  https://zoom.us/support/download
)



## Learn the fundamentals

- [ ] [
  Get the big picture of how the web works (13 min)
](
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hJHvdBlSxug
)



- [ ] [
  Select data with Regular Expressions, REGEX (21 min)
](
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rhzKDrUiJVk
)

- [ ] [
  Challenge your Knowledge of REGEX with this interactive tutorial (180 min)
](
  https://regexone.com/
)

- [ ] [
  Have a basic interaction with the file system thanks to Bash (60 min)
](
  https://learnxinyminutes.com/docs/bash/
)

- [ ] [
  Exchange data with the JSON format (12 min)
](
  https://youtu.be/iiADhChRriM
)

- [ ] [
  Manipulate your data with Javascript Array Methods (11 min)
](
  https://youtu.be/R8rmfD9Y5-c
)

- [ ] [
  Template your web pages and web application with html elements
](
  https://www.w3schools.com/html/default.asp
)

- [ ] [
  Learn to select dom elements with query Selectors (8 min)
](
  https://youtu.be/JlgLDfINXvY
)

- [ ] [
  Write your tests with Jest
](
  https://jestjs.io/docs/en/getting-started
)

- [ ] Write your tests with mocha and chai

- [ ] [
  Automate your browser with Puppeteer
](
  https://github.com/puppeteer/puppeteer
)

- [ ] [
  Write end to end (E2E) tests with Cypress
](
  https://www.cypress.io/
)

- [ ] [
  Prevent type errors by compiling typescript to javascript
](
  https://www.typescriptlang.org/
)

- [ ] [
  Allow access to your server ressources from a different origin (20 min)
](
  https://auth0.com/blog/cors-tutorial-a-guide-to-cross-origin-resource-sharing/
)

- [ ] [
  Get data from webpages automatically by scraping with JavaScript (9 min)
](
  https://youtu.be/TzZ3YOUhCxo
)

- [ ] [
  Create an API by using express.js with node.js
](
  https://expressjs.com/fr/starter/installing.html
)

- [ ] [
  Secure your API with passport.js
](
  http://www.passportjs.org/
)

- [ ] [
  Create, Read, Update, Delete (CRUD) data by learning to use node.js in conjuction with mysql or and mongodb (240 min)
](
  https://www.w3schools.com/nodejs/default.asp
)

- [ ] [
  Create a real time chat system by using socket.io (60 min)
](
  https://socket.io/get-started/chat/
)

Commit message:

added mention to brew and chocolatey

README.md, after:

# dev-career-tips

## Setup your development environment

- [ ] Setup your development environment automatically by learning to use
  - [Brew](https://brew.sh/index_fr) on mac
  - [Chocolatey](https://chocolatey.org/) on windows

- [ ] [
  Write your code in a comfortable environment like Visual Studio Code (10 min)
](
  https://code.visualstudio.com/download
)

- [ ] [
  Write javascript server side code with Node.js (20 min)
](
  https://nodejs.org/en/
)



- [ ] [
  Backup your git repositories online on Github (10 min)
](
  https://github.com/
)

- [ ] [
  Manage your github local repositories with Github Desktop (10 min)
](
  https://desktop.github.com/
)

## Measure your desired effort

- [ ] [
  Define Desirable Outcomes with Milestones 
](
  https://blog.julienreszka.com/2020/01/putting-man-on-moon-shouldnt-have-been.html
)

- [ ] [
  Stay Focused by measuring how much time you spend working on a project with Wakatime
](
  https://wakatime.com/
)

- [ ] [
  Stay Fit by measuring how much time you spend running, or cycling
](
  https://www.strava.com/
)

## Prevent undesired effort

- [ ] Prevent [fatigue](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fatigue), always get proper lighting in your working environment
- [ ] Prevent [eye strain](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eye_strain), always use a light theme in your text editor and everywhere else. Dark themes are a sham.
- [ ] Prevent your [working memory](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Working_memory) from going to waste switching windows by having one or two large monitors
- [ ] Prevent auditive noise distraction while typing by having a silent keyboard
- [ ] Prevent [Repetitive stain injury](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Repetitive_strain_injury) by owning a vertical mouse
- [ ] Prevent wasted keystrokes by learning all the shortcuts of your text editor
- [ ] Prevent [multitasking](https://ekmillerlab.mit.edu/2016/12/08/earl-miller-in-the-daily-mail-uk-why-multitasking-is-bad-for-your-brain/) by clearing your environment from interactive distractions 
- [ ] Prevent people from interrupting your work [flow](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flow_(psychology)) by walling and door locking your environment
- [ ] Prevent auditive noise from distracting you by using Noise cancelling headphones

## Write living documentations

- [ ] [
  Write README documents with Markdown (60 min)
](
  https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/wiki/Markdown-Cheatsheet
)

- [ ] [
  Write feature specifications with Bahavior Driven Development (BDD) (60 min)
](
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Behavior-driven_development
)

- [ ] [
  Write features with Test Driven Development (TDD) (60 min)
](
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Test-driven_development
)

- [ ] [
  Get used to open source version control by Learning to use Github
](
  https://help.github.com/en
)

## Get a developer reputation

- [ ] [
  Create a profile on stackoverflow (10 min)
](
  https://stackoverflow.com/
)

- [ ] [
  Prevent someone from pretending they're you by buying and owning a domain name with `firstnamelastname.com` where you put links to profiles of yourself that you recognize on the web
](
  https://domains.google.com
)


## Start projects

- [ ] [
  Prototype your forms with Typeform
](
  https://www.typeform.com/
)

- [ ] [
  Prototype your databases with airtable
](
  https://airtable.com/
)

- [ ] [
  Find icon ideas with the noun project
](
  https://thenounproject.com/
)

- [ ] [
  Connect apps and automate workflows with Zapier
](
  https://zapier.com/home
)

- [ ] [
  Connect Typeform and Airtable (20 min)
](
  https://youtu.be/hnRlHot-XCU
)

- [ ] [
  Publish a first website with Github pages (20 min)
](
  https://pages.github.com/
)




## Get Peer reviews

- [ ] [
  Learn what is important in a website by auditing websites with lighthouse
](
  https://developers.google.com/web/tools/lighthouse
)

- [ ] [
  Review your own code through Rubber duck debugging before asking for precious developer attention
](
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rubber_duck_debugging
)

- [ ] [
  Show your work to other programmers by sharing your computer screen live with Zoom (10 min)
](
  https://zoom.us/support/download
)



## Learn the fundamentals

- [ ] [
  Get the big picture of how the web works (13 min)
](
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hJHvdBlSxug
)



- [ ] [
  Select data with Regular Expressions, REGEX (21 min)
](
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rhzKDrUiJVk
)

- [ ] [
  Challenge your Knowledge of REGEX with this interactive tutorial (180 min)
](
  https://regexone.com/
)

- [ ] [
  Have a basic interaction with the file system thanks to Bash (60 min)
](
  https://learnxinyminutes.com/docs/bash/
)

- [ ] [
  Exchange data with the JSON format (12 min)
](
  https://youtu.be/iiADhChRriM
)

- [ ] [
  Manipulate your data with Javascript Array Methods (11 min)
](
  https://youtu.be/R8rmfD9Y5-c
)

- [ ] [
  Template your web pages and web application with html elements
](
  https://www.w3schools.com/html/default.asp
)

- [ ] [
  Learn to select dom elements with query Selectors (8 min)
](
  https://youtu.be/JlgLDfINXvY
)

- [ ] [
  Write your tests with Jest
](
  https://jestjs.io/docs/en/getting-started
)

- [ ] Write your tests with mocha and chai

- [ ] [
  Automate your browser with Puppeteer
](
  https://github.com/puppeteer/puppeteer
)

- [ ] [
  Write end to end (E2E) tests with Cypress
](
  https://www.cypress.io/
)

- [ ] [
  Prevent type errors by compiling typescript to javascript
](
  https://www.typescriptlang.org/
)

- [ ] [
  Allow access to your server ressources from a different origin (20 min)
](
  https://auth0.com/blog/cors-tutorial-a-guide-to-cross-origin-resource-sharing/
)

- [ ] [
  Get data from webpages automatically by scraping with JavaScript (9 min)
](
  https://youtu.be/TzZ3YOUhCxo
)

- [ ] [
  Create an API by using express.js with node.js
](
  https://expressjs.com/fr/starter/installing.html
)

- [ ] [
  Secure your API with passport.js
](
  http://www.passportjs.org/
)

- [ ] [
  Create, Read, Update, Delete (CRUD) data by learning to use node.js in conjuction with mysql or and mongodb (240 min)
](
  https://www.w3schools.com/nodejs/default.asp
)

- [ ] [
  Create a real time chat system by using socket.io (60 min)
](
  https://socket.io/get-started/chat/
)
